Are we live?
Yes, we're live. Hello. Hello.
Oh my god, there's people in here
already.
13 people already. My goodness. Hi
everyone.
It's been a while.
Oh, there's people in the chat already.
Blake Hydra, good to see you. I've
missed you, too. I've missed you, too.
No Exit. Johnny boy, good to see you
guys.
King Clueless, I am back. At least for
now. I've got some videos to release. We
got work to do, but that's what we're
here for. Hello, Rich Mitch. Good to see
you. Thank you for joining.
We'll get into the swing of things in
just a moment.
Oh, the comments are coming in.
This is way more than I was expecting.
Let me just put this down. First of all,
I've just been jamming uh last couple of
uh minutes. Oh god. Oh god. Don't drop
it. There we go. Right. Is everything
working? Can you hear audio?
Not too quiet, not too loud. Everything
cool.
Really good sound. Oh, okay. Cool.
That's good to know. Oh, you guys. I've
missed you so much.
Good to see everyone.
Well, this is very overwhelming. I was
not expecting to see this many people.
40 people tuning in right now. That's
That's crazy. After this long. Oh, you
guys.
Right. I need to go through these
comments first of all before I get into
the thick of the uh thick of the stream.
So, nice seeing you, my guy. Nice seeing
you, too.
Or Oh my god. Hi. I've been waiting for
this. Oh, you're alive. Miss the art
docks. More art docs are coming, I
promise you.
Uh, let's see. Welcome back to the world
of non-living.
Thank you very much.
It's been so long. I saw your name in a
notification. I thought, wait, I know
that guy, right? Yeah, I know. I've
decided after long after a long long
time just to kind of get on with things
again. You know, I've got my new job.
I'm very happy, but I do miss creating
videos. So, the plan this year, one of
my New Year's resolutions, you could
say, is that I'm going to get back into
doing some videos
at some point. We're going to talk about
that in a moment.
It's been so long. I saw your name. Oh,
I've already read that. Sorry. Uh, audio
is perfect. That's good to know.
Uh, Sabine.
Oh god, I'm so sorry.
Sabi Novenomia,
hello. Oh my god. Hello. Hello back. I
missed you here. Missed you guys too.
Honestly, I did. Hello from Seattle.
Thank you, Dragon Ters.
It's crazy there isn't more of a
comment so good your brain wanted to
read it twice. Yes, exactly. Exactly.
You guys are off on a roll with these
comments. So yeah,
um it's really good to see you guys
again. Um I'll tell you where I've been,
shall I? That's a good place to start.
So
I've been taking a long long break. Um
to be honest with you, I started to feel
a little bit like
um because the world of YouTube is quite
um how shall I put it?
Difficult. I suppose if you want to make
it a full-time job,
it's not, you know, if you rely on
revenue and sponsorships, you have to be
very very uh on it a lot. Uh you have to
rely on your inspiration, which can dry
up quite a lot, you know.
So, because of that, I um
started to just sort of run out of ideas
to be honest with you.
Um,
I know there's many artists that I can
feature still and that, you know, I
still plan to do videos on
many artists who I'll get on to in a
moment, but I want to do videos on more
stuff.
But for the last um year and a bit, I've
been getting into teaching. That's my
new job. I'm really enjoying it. But I
also miss the kind of creative aspects
of life, you know.
I um
I find that uh so long as I've got one
job that I enjoy, but a hobby which I
enjoy, that's the balance I'm really
looking for here. Does that make sense?
So, I want to do YouTube more for
enjoyment rather than, oh, I need bills
to pay. I need to do this, that, and the
other. I don't want to care. I just
don't care about that anymore. I just
want to do videos for the enjoyment of
it, you know?
So
because of that, I felt like I needed a
bit of a break. I needed to re-evaluate
things. I needed to step back and kind
of live a different life for a bit, if
that makes sense.
But at the same time, I've really missed
making videos. So I am planning to come
back this year. And I've already got an
idea of who I want to do a video on. But
I thought for this stream, it would be
really, really fun to see what
suggestions you may have in the chat.
If you have an idea,
please type it in the chat. Let me know.
I do have an idea myself,
and I'm very tempted to do it. I'll say
who it um the artist is in a moment, but
I thought it would be appropriate
to do
um a video on a an artist to begin with
and then gradually over time I'll start
to do more different kinds of content
like um maybe some film sort of
documentaries uh documentaries on music
as well as painters and sculptors and
photographers and the like
because I like art in general, not just
painting, but music, poetry,
literature.
Um, and even beyond that, I'm really
like, uh, I've featured it in a couple
of my videos before, like I love reading
about spirituality, folklore, mythology,
um, anything that just sort of piques my
interest. So, um, there'll be a couple
of things.
Oh, I got some suggestions already by
the looks of it.
Thomas Legotti. Okay. Well, let me start
writing these down. I'm going to do this
old school. I'm going to start writing
down these suggestions. So,
we got Thomas.
How do I spell that?
Lee Goty. Okay.
Right. You are. So, that's one
suggestion. Who else have we got?
Do I know his work? Uh, is it bad if I
don't?
It sounds familiar, but I don't know if
I've um George Frederick Watts. He
painted hope. Yes, he did. That's a good
shout.
Okay. George Frederick Watts.
There we go. Clive Barker. That's a good
one.
I'll tell you who I'm thinking of in a
moment. By the way, I've got an idea of
who I want to feature, but we'll get on
to that in a bit. Okay. Artist. What
about Johnny
Minion and Keith Vaughn?
Okay.
Okay. Uh, that's no H in that, Johnny.
This is a super professional live
stream, isn't it? I'm just kind of
writing things down as we go. Uh, and
Keith Vaughn.
Da Vinci. Yeah, I'm surprised I haven't
done a um video on Da Vinci and Van Go
yet. So, I'll definitely be writing
those down.
Dainci
Van Go, of course. Van Hawk, Van,
however you pronounce his name. Jean
Michelle Basker, I've already done a
video on him, haven't I? I'm pretty sure
I have.
No, I have. I know for a fact I have.
You should get into textile art. Yes,
that is a good shout. Again, you see,
like, you know, um, creativity has so
many different avenues. I'd love to not
just limit it to painters, you know,
book reviews. Yes, 100% considering book
reviews. Chris Burden. Okay,
awesome. Um,
what's this? Sorry, I'm just going
through these. Um, what about some video
about Carl Gustaf Young? Is that how you
say his last name? About his work and
his theories. Ooh.
Oh, of course I know Carl Young. What am
I on about? Yes. So, yes. Um, that kind
of stuff for sure. Um, what I'm very
much thinking about
Gerald Braum.
Braum. Yeah, I thought it might have
been Brum, but no, that's uh Brum is a a
term we use for Birmingham over here in
England. Jesus Beckinski,
I have done a video on him, but I was
re-watching that recently and I realized
that I was going to explore more of his
life in detail. I I say that explicitly
in the video. So, maybe I could revisit
uh Betinsky. So, let me write down
Binsky just as a kind of footnote.
Thank you so much for the ideas, guys.
This is great. This is exactly what I
was hoping for. Gustav Mon Maro. Yeah.
Okay.
Uh,
okay.
Cool. Salvador Dari. Yes. Why I haven't
done a video on him yet is beyond me. So
yes, I definitely agree that's going on
the list.
Very nice. I think you could do such
videos about spirituality and folklore
uh that you mentioned. So definitely
second that. Awesome. I'm glad you're on
uh I'm glad you're into that idea.
Max Ernst. Have I done a video on Max? I
think I've only referenced Max Ernst in
my previous videos. So, yeah, that's a
good idea. Max Ernst, good shout.
If you do, Da Vinci, I will be attached
to the screen the whole time. Awesome.
That's good to know. I like that
enthusiasm. Maximo Clark. Okay. Wh No.
What am I on about? Maximo Laura. Okay.
Harry Clark. Okay,
I love this. We've already got nearly 20
suggestions.
Defo Pauline Botty. Oh yeah, that's a
good shout.
Dang. Sorry about Oh, that's okay. No
worries. I forget. You know, I actually
very rarely I don't know if I mentioned
this before in previous streams, but I
very rarely re-watch my own videos. It's
I don't like it. You know, I'd rather
just create them, put them out there,
and sort of forget about them. Um it's a
bad habit. I should probably, you know,
kind of re-evaluate my work sometimes.
Okay, we got another vote for Clive
Barker. That's interesting.
So, I'll put two votes there. I'll do a
poll in a bit, by the way. Um, but shall
I quickly tell you cuz your suggestions
are coming in thick and fast and they're
great um suggestions by the way. Uh,
yeah, just so you know, I have done a
video on HR Giger as well. Um,
definitely one of my favorite videos
because I love Giger. I love his work.
um love his designs for movies, you
know, like Dune and Alien. So, um yeah,
if you haven't watched that already,
please look it up. Um it's on my channel
somewhere. Um Lee Alexander McQueen.
Yeah.
Okay. Let me tell you as well while I'm
doing this who I have been thinking
about a lot about covering in my next
video. And I wonder if you guys agree.
Two sex. So I've been thinking
Joel Peter Witkin.
What do you think? Because I really have
always loved his style of photography.
It's weird. It's sometimes questionable,
but at the same time fascinating. So,
for those who might not know, he's quite
infamous
for taking photos that look beautiful,
like almost like um almost like
Renaissance art, but it's all
photography.
And often, especially in the early days,
he would pose cadaavvers, like actual
cadaavvers from medical departments, and
feature them in his photography. So kind
of um
I guess uh
controversial but um very very uh
fascinating and I've always liked
exploring his work. So what do you think
of that idea? Genuinely have a feel free
to have a quick Google first if you
want. Have a quick look.
Oh someone says they have his books. I
am in lust with his work. It's
fascinating, isn't it?
Do it. He looks well freaky. Yeah, some
of his stuff is genuinely freaky, but
also very, very um heartbreaking and
powerful at times. Let me see if I can
find this one example again. You might
need to Google this cuz um Okay, two
seconds.
I'm trying to remember the piece cuz I
know the piece like the back of my hand,
but I can never remember the title. So
bear with me.
Actually, while I'm looking through
these, I'm I'm literally looking through
some of his work at the moment. A lot of
the time as well he would feature people
who would um be abused by society for
being different or looking different. Um
and he would try to make them look
beautiful, you know. Um I've always
found that a really kind of positive
message. Even though his work is weird
and sometimes kind of like, yo, what the
hell am I looking at? Um there's some
positive sort of messages in his work.
If you look underneath all the kind of
like Gdava stuff and kind of graphic
imagery,
it um
you know it's quite important messages
in his work. And this is one thing I
missed about doing videos on this kind
of art is the fact that
still to this day people look at it and
think, "Oh, it's grotesque and
horrible." Like, you know, it's not
going to look good on your wall, is it?
Like that old age, you know, that
age-old excuse. Um, but the fact is art
is more than that, isn't it? It's about
challenging the brain, you know,
challenging our senses
and making it look at, you know, look at
art from a different angle. That's the
main thing that always brought me to art
is the fact that, oh, yeah, it might not
look good on a wall, but boy, did it
make me feel something, you know?
So, yeah, that's my suggestion um on
something I'd quite like to cover at
some point.
You guys seem pretty keen.
So, yeah. But one reason why I didn't
actually feature Joel Petkin before,
because I've always thought about it,
um, is because I was always nervous
about YouTube's terms and conditions.
Um, they could be quite strict. And
obviously when I was doing this
full-time,
um, I'm like, well, I could make that
video, but will I be able to pay my
bills the next month, you know, if a
video gets taken down? But now I'm at a
point where I literally just don't care.
I just don't care. I just want to work
on videos that, you know, people want to
see and what I find interesting. You
know, I don't want to worry about
monetization.
Obviously, it will suck if videos get
taken down. I'm hoping they won't, but
the whole if a money sorry if a video
gets demonetized, I don't care anymore.
Honestly, I just want to get my work out
there.
That's the plan.
71 people watching now. This is amazing.
Hi everyone. Anyone who's just tuned in,
good to see you again. It's great to be
back. Really looking forward to getting
this show on the road. Really?
You must follow your bliss. Absolutely.
Absolutely. That is someone coming in.
Oh no. Yeah. One of my neighbors.
Uh I always pick grotesque personal art
over the sanitized just for selling to
the mass. Yes. Preach. That's what I'm
talking about. Absolutely.
I can't stand that either. And actually,
the last video I did
was on that kind of art, but it was all
done almost kind of uh sarcastically in
a way.
Um do you know the video I'm talking
about?
It was on um uh Tekashi Murakami. you
know, he definitely did get into the
kind of like um
I guess uh marketable sort of um art
genre, but he was taking the mick out of
it, you know. It was a complete piss
take. He tried to make pointless art and
would just laugh at people spending
millions of dollars on it, you know. So,
that I find interesting. But when people
do it like genuinely like, "Oh, I'm such
a good artist. my work. My art is worth
millions. It's going to be on posters.
It's going to be on merchandise. Like,
you know, that kind of stuff I just just
tune out of really.
Yeah. So,
let me go through another comment right
now. Thing with YouTube now is that they
won't take it down if they don't have
any nudity or serious gore. But, yeah,
it'll be demonetized. So, if you don't
care, then that's a perfect situation.
Exactly. Yeah. So, I'm in a completely
different situation now where I can make
these sort of videos. So long as it
doesn't get mon uh so long as it doesn't
get taken down,
then it can be demonetized if needs be.
That's fine. Don't care.
Call Mc McCarthy. Oh,
good shout, sir. a good shout.
Have you looked into Zuyu? I have
actually.
Um,
let me just refresh my memory though.
Oh, hang on. Yeah,
performance artist, right?
Maybe it's not the person I was thinking
of, but um this person seems cool. Ah,
it says the magic word here on the
Wikipedia page. Controversial
artist. So, I'm already drawn like a
magnet to this person. Wait, what?
He's got a piece called Cannibalism.
Let me have a look at this real quick.
Sorry. Entertain yourselves. I'm going
down a rabbit hole.
Oh god.
Oh, that's not what I think it is, is
it? Um, guys, whatever you do, do not
Google
Zoo cannibalism. Do not Google it
because I just done it and I kind of bit
in shock.
My god.
Oh boy. Yeah, that would definitely be
taken down on YouTube. Um
yeah. Um Joel Piece of Wick's a very
similar ballpark.
Oh, I'm cold.
Fingers are freezing.
Heath Timness, uh, Timonss, sorry. Glad
you're back. I'm glad to be back. Thank
you, Heath.
Yeah, man. I've got boundaries. Yeah,
this is what I mean. Um, I love dark
art, but when things feature I mean,
should I describe it to you if you don't
want to Google it for yourself? what I
just looked up this Zuyu artist who uh
did this piece called Cannibalism.
It features a like, do I even say it?
I'm I'm nervous even to say it. It's
basically a
fetus
from what I could see on a plate.
And from the way that it's been
photographed, it looks almost as if he's
eating it.
It's crazy. Like if you dig into the
world of art for long enough, you will
come across stuff like this and you just
you just think, my goodness, like when's
the cut off line? You know,
when's the line? Where does it get
drawn? because I thought at one point
when I was going through um
uh when I was going through Dark Artists
towards the end um well it's not the end
anymore cuz I'm back now but you know
before I took a break you know Hans
Belma I thought that in particular drew
a line for me. Um,
I see both sides of the argument when it
comes to his work, but personally for
me, I just thought, "Oh god, do I really
want to cover this guy?" But at the same
time, I thought, "Well, you know what?
The fact that he makes me feel that way,
like, oh, is it actually um art that I
like or is it something that makes me
feel kind of like um
sort of makes me want to turn away from
that?" That's still worth talking about,
right?
What are your favorite dark artists?
Good question.
My favorite dark artist
would probably be, if you count him as a
dark artist, Francis Bacon,
Otto Dixs,
and um Yuko Tachima.
And Yuko was one of my first ever videos
on my channel, you know.
Um that was uh when I was still kind of
experimenting with YouTube. I wasn't
quite sure what kind of content I wanted
to make. Um so I just decided to keep
following these sort of uh dark rabbit
holes in the art in the art world and I
came across her work and I was just
blown away. I mean I knew her work for a
long time but yeah
there is no line for the artist the
observer chooses. Very good point. Very
well said. I agree.
Cannibal Corpse album covers are too
much.
Yeah, but at least they don't feature
real people.
I kind of like the Cannibal Corpse album
covers, you know. They're very well
illustrated.
We saw a Damian Hurst installation and
it featured a real uh featured real morg
photos which he used uh without the
family or deceased people's permission.
You're joking.
That's such a typical Damian Hurst move
that does anyone actually genuinely like
Damian Hurst? I'm curious because I
never really rated him. Some part some
some of his work is interesting but
overall it's just not for me really.
Yeah, Francis Bacon uh is my all-time
favorite. That's why I ended up making a
three-hour long documentary on him.
Mega Outsider Artist. Hi again. I'm
happy you are back. Oh, I'm happy to be
back. Really, I am. I'm excited.
I'm not a fan of Damian. Yeah, I feel
you. Like, I respect him. I guess, you
know, I respect the fact that he did in
a way sort of change how art is viewed
and how art is made, but
it's just not for me really.
I like your videos sometimes which you
do a two-part. Well, trust me, I do um
intend to do more videos like that in
future. Don't you worry, cuz I like
making long form content. We need to
keep long form content alive. The
internet is full of reals and Tik Tok
videos. We're getting Tik Tok brain. So,
I'd much rather bring us back to a time
where you could just dedicate yourself
to maybe an hour and a half of just one
type of video. You know,
I miss, you know, I I love um this part
of YouTube where like one of my favorite
um YouTubers is Frederick Nudson, and
he'll do like he's done a six-hour long
documentary on uh Eden. Is it Eden?
Eva Evo. It's not a game I'm familiar
with. Let me try and find it. Frederick
Nudson.
What's I haven't actually checked out
his channel in a while. He's done quite
a few things here.
Oh, I'm such a knob. Eve Online. That's
what I was talking about. For God's
sake. Yeah. Sixhour long video. Isn't
that awesome?
So yeah, this this is the kind of
content I've always liked, you know, um
when a a creator dedicates real time,
you know, proper time in actually making
something, you know, that you can chill
out to, maybe even fall asleep to, you
know. So don't worry, I'm I'm still
planning to do long form content like
that in future. Don't you worry.
My day is absolutely made by Blind
Dwellers Return. Thank you very much.
Some of Hurst work looks interesting
aesthetically, but inside is empty in my
opinion. Exactly. I agree.
I check to see your back every week.
Thank you very much.
That cannibalism guy is only known
because that picture trended around
everywhere in the early internet without
any context or backstory.
Oh, that's interesting.
I mean, that's something I could talk
about a lot um in the video if I ever
did a video on him cuz um you know, Yuka
Tatachima's art was very much the same
thing. Her art was posted everywhere and
I mention it actually in the video
because you know I some of you might
know this. I hang around a lot on
Reddit.
Um and um I remember coming across um I
can't be a wife anymore. Do you know
that painting? Very um harrowing. And it
was used as a face for um
Tamino's hell, you know, as a creepy
pastor with no context, no credit to the
original artist or anything, just this
creepy face. And um I was like, well,
who the hell worked on this? like you
know who you know where does this art
come from and then that's how I came
across her and uh it kind of went from
there but yeah it's I find it really
fascinating when art circulates online
but you have no idea like it becomes a
mystery almost you know where that art
comes from so that's really cool that
it's a similar backstory with that uh
Zuyu guy
hi glad you're back good to be back
thank you uh do Do you know Michael? Oh
god.
Do you know Michael Cavium
Cavium? Danish artist. I think you'd
like him. I'll write that down and I'll
learn to not butcher that name in future
if I work on that artist. Sounds
interesting though. So Michael
uh
K V I M I think. Yeah, I'll check them
out. Yeah, thank you for the suggestion.
Shouldn't critics and the public decide
the boundaries of what is a work of art
and what is a crime.
Interesting question. That's a video
topic in itself.
I don't know. I really don't know.
Especially nowadays when really it's
like um a guilty until proven innocent
sort of mentality a lot of people have
towards creatives now. um where if they
make one slip up cuz they're constantly
under the radar, constantly under a
microscope almost
um
that you know sometimes if you make one
mistake that's it like career over sort
of thing. So it's interesting
maybe back in the day artists maybe had
a bit more control. I don't know if
that's controversial to say or not, but
nowadays it feels like, well, you're
constantly being, you know, shoved under
a spotlight and if you ever if you ever
slip up, that's it. You know what I
mean?
Uh, down the rabbit hole. Yes, that's
the exact um YouTuber that I'm into.
Frederick Nudson down the rabbit hole.
What a brilliant YouTuber. If you don't
uh know him or if you haven't seen his
videos before, please give him a watch
because he is fantastic. He's what I
always think of when you know people ask
me if you could be any YouTuber, who
would it be? I always say Frederick
Nudson for sure.
I absolutely appreciate your videos.
They're full of content and they're so
well edited. Oh, thank you so much.
To be fair, Eve is Second Life in Space.
Yes, it is definitely. It's a massive
game. I know. And that's why I'm so
embarrassed for not remembering what it
was called. I've never played it myself.
Will you do videos from unknown artists
again? Very good question and thank you
for asking. So, yes. Um, my plan is when
I'm going to do more videos, I'm
definitely going to still do Artist
Corner. Absolutely.
Um, I'm still thinking for now whether
or not to keep doing inspiring art by
independent artists
because, you know, in the long term, I
do see my content sort of flipping and
changing. It's not going to be so
focused on like, you know, painters and
illustrators.
Um but you know I've having said that
I've also done you know when it comes to
independent artists I've also done
photographers and sculptors and things
like that. So who knows but um yeah for
now all I know for certain is that yes
artist corner is here to stay because
I've always loved doing that and I feel
and it's genuinely important to me to
give people a spotlight on my channel.
Like I I've had emails before, I don't
know if I've spoken about this before,
but I've had emails from people I've
featured who said that they've had their
first exhibition thanks to me featuring
them on my channel.
That just means so much. Like that makes
it so worth it to me. So yeah,
absolutely. Artist Corner is here to
stay. The independent artist series I'm
still thinking about for now. It depends
how much time I have because remember I
have another job now. So it depends what
um
yeah it depends how much time I have
basically. But yeah good question. Thank
you for asking that.
Holy crap. Long time no see. How you
doing? Cooked cook handy. Good to see
you. Yeah it's great to be back. Um I'm
doing well. I'm a bit cold. It's um it's
been nice and sunny today, but obviously
it's January and uh January in England
can be very very cold. So I'm good, just
cold.
Um
I think many of us uh checked uh
occurred to see if there was any notice
of your return. You're much loved. Oh,
thank you so much.
Chase K23 says, "That's almost part of
VR. Let it out there making people think
it's real." Good point. Aaron Osborne
says, "Hello again." Hello, Aaron.
To me, as hell, creepy pasta is such a
nostalgia. I know, right? That brings me
back to when I was like 17 in my bedroom
just at 2:00 a.m. in the morning just
doom scroll. I mean, doom scrolling
wasn't a thing back then, but the
equivalent of, you know, you just follow
a creepy pastor and just get locked in
and, you know, give yourself nightmares.
Good times. Good times. Simpler time.
It's so good to have you back, says
White Snail. Uh, I found your channel
two days after your last upload. Wow.
Oh, sorry to keep you waiting for so
long.
Crime art.
Crime art is a
I don't know if this counts, but I have
been tempted
and I mentioned it in a video before in
the past, I think, to do a video
potentially on the art of Alistister
Crowley. Do you know Alistister Crowley?
Fascinating but very screwed up man. He
was um basically a Satanist um or de at
least you know to do with demonology
which again guilty I find quite
fascinating the demonology side of
things. Um but he also did art and some
of his art is very sort of uh mysterious
and kind of like what what angle is he
going for here? So, that's another thing
I'm thinking of doing. Let me know what
you think about that idea.
O, I think I found a couple of artists
to do deep dives on. Jonathan. Oh god,
another another one of those names.
Jonathan,
but again, it sounds familiar. Jonathan
Woodick
Woodick. Is that it?
Jonathan.
Let's see if I can get this right. Uh,
Wo CJ J.
I bet one thing you guys haven't missed
is my terrible pronunciations of names.
I'm sure we'll be seeing way more of
that when I get back into doing videos.
Does Banksy count as Crimeart? Oh god, I
love Banksy. Let me just write his name
down.
You know, there's a Banksy mural in um
Reading where I live right now um just
down the road.
What I love uh what what I love about it
is that the local council has protected
it with like the sheet of I guess um
plexiglass, something like that, so that
no one can spray over it. Good on them.
Um, so yeah, Banksy,
that is a good shout. And technically,
he's vandalizing. I mean, yeah, he is,
but at least he's doing it kind of in a
way that is um
I don't know if tasteful is the right
word, but in a way that kind of um
in a way that it's not just like
tagging, you know, it's an actual piece
of art, you know? So, it's one of those
things I've always in fact, that's
another idea for a video. Um, it's
always a kind of fine line between
graffiti and vandalism, but also just
doing art on the streets where we all
are anyway. You know, I'd actually find
the world a lot more fascinating if
buildings had art, you know, kind of put
on them. That's why, excuse my language,
I effing hate glass skyscrapers. They're
so ugly. I'd much rather see like a nice
old brick wall with some art on it. how
colorful the world would be.
It's good to have you back. I found your
channel. Oh yeah, I've already read
that. I'm I'm so bad at this, aren't I?
Oh my god, Crowley is such an
interesting person. Yeah, he is. Right.
So, I'm definitely tempted to do a video
on him. I don't know how long it would
be. Um because I in terms of his art
anyway, there's not much out there, but
I think just a video on Crowley in
general would be cool.
The man who smashed six different pagan
beliefs into one and called it wicker.
Wait, you mean Alistister Crowley? Is he
the one who did that? Please do a video
about Crowley would be pretty cool.
Okay,
noted. I'll work on that. Wer basket
case. Okay. Yeah, we are still talking
about Crowley. I think
you have an idea that Banksy is a girl.
Ooh, that's an interesting theory. What
makes you think that
Golden Dawn would be definitely Oh, yes,
that would be a good deep dive.
Golden
Dawn.
Look at all these ideas we got.
I'm writing them all down. I'm going to
hone in on all these people and then I
think at some point, maybe next week or
next weekend, something like that, I'm
going to put out a poll and see what you
guys uh vote up the most. I'm going to
narrow them down and kind of go from
there, if that makes sense.
Oh, you're close to where I'm from.
You're from Cuddon. Hey, big up Cudden.
Haven't been to Cudden in ages.
I think I way would be interesting. Yes.
I almost thought you were going to ask
me to do a video on AI and I definitely
don't intend to do that cuz AI is
ruining art faster than we can keep up
with and it's stressing me out.
So I way. Yeah. Agreed. And I'm again
sorry if I mispronounce names. It's one
of these things where I sometimes I'll
see the name but I never hear it out
loud. So yeah.
Why the channel name Blind Dweller? Good
question. Very good question. That comes
from uh enter the real the realm of
chaos. Um, so the reason why
is because in all honesty, I had no idea
what the hell to name my channel at the
time when I started and I thought, well,
Blind Dweller was a gamer tag, an old
gamer tag that I didn't didn't use
anymore. So, I just decided to go for
that.
But also
I did have a kind of idea that oh well
blind dweller could mean that I'm
dwelling on you know in the world of art
and creativity and weirdness but I'm
blindly working my way through it you
know not in any particular one direction
and the kind of pathetic edgy side of
myself for oh that sounds cool that
could be a kind of like a meaning
but I'm sorry to disappoint you it
doesn't really have a real meaning
outside of being an old gamer tag that I
don't use anymore. But yeah,
uh decided just to stick with it really.
All the cool names were taken.
Jonathan, what's his name? Did the art
for the newly released tabletop role
playing game Mortine. Oh, okay. There's
a man from who gave us all tomorrows.
And
there's I'll be honest with you there
mate uh cooked candy. There's a lot of
words there that I'm not even going to
attempt right now unless I practice
first to pronounce at least this time
round. Okay.
An American artist that I saw in your
independent artist video actually came
to exhibit our university a month after
you posted. I was like, "Oh my god, I
can't believe it." That is amazing. Can
you remember who it was?
Oh, that's fantastic.
That's so cool.
All tomorrows. Okay. Well, I'm going to
write that down.
How do you like the idea of me doing
some like weird underground indie games
and talk and and kind of analyzing them?
Cuz some of them are based on art, you
know. Didn't um Radio Head do a game
that was kind of artsy? What was the
game called? I played it at one point.
Uh let me know in the chat if you guys
know the one I'm on about. But for now,
I'm going to Google it to remind me cuz
I was tempted to do a video on this at
one point. Radio Head game.
Yes. Kids Amnesia.
Have any of you play? Thank you. Thank
you, Karacat. Yeah, Kid Amnesia
Exhibition. Yes. Have any of you played
that? Definitely give it a go if you
haven't because it's fascinating. It's
so trippy. Creepy at times, but
fascinating.
So, go on M.
What do we really think about AI art
right now? You know, because when I um
when I first kind of walked away from
YouTube for a bit,
it wasn't quite as threatening as it is
now. So, I'm very tempted to get your
honest thoughts because I feel so so
like my heart weaks for um artists out
there who want to, you know, become
digital artists and illustrators, but
they're just losing work to this AI
slop. So, what's your honest thoughts?
Is there a way around this? Basically,
I hate AI. Yeah. Feelings mutual.
I mean, I feel AI can be useful if not
used as a finished product. This is
where we're m This is my personal
interpretation. This is where we're
mucking it up. We aren't using AI as a
tool. We're using it as a finished
product. I think AI could be useful for
like ideas or inspiration, but the fact
that people take an image and use that
as a final thing, that's where we're
going wrong in my opinion.
Personally, I don't really have an issue
with it. I think it's no different to
how any industry that rises up in tech,
there will be an initial bloom and then
it will fall back again. Okay, I can
agree with that. Well, howdy from uh
Oasisan Obscurer. I hope I said that
right. Uh I tame AI when I look for
value maps and such. Good answer. Yeah,
I respect that.
Make a video about indie games would be
awesome.
Uh they can be so unique in their art
styles. Yeah, this is what I mean. And
this is why like I enjoyed doing that
video on scorn if you've seen that one.
Um, not only because it gave me an
excuse to video game for a good for a
good couple of hours, but um, it was
also just like fascinating to kind of
play it and walk through and see this
kind of giger and binsky-esque
kind of art. And it's almost like not
just a video game, it's like an
experience, an art experience in a way.
And even the creators said like they
were heavily inspired by both those
artists. So, I think it would be cool.
We'll see what's out there.
I think the last comment is lost between
the others, but replying back to the
comment with the university exhibition,
the artist was John McGarity.
Oh, yeah. I remember him. Oh, brilliant.
That's awesome.
A John, if you're watching, fair play to
you, mate.
I feel that people will still prefer
real art from real people. Yeah, I
agree. Uh because we like uh because we
like about the art the thought and the
process behind it. AI just renders it
and that's it. Nothing deep about it.
Exactly. And this is why I think, you
know, if you're an artist,
um,
we should be campaigning a little bit
when it comes to, um, people using AIR
as like a finished product.
Do you kind of get what I mean by that
point? By the way, like I feel if we use
it as a tool, it's perfectly fine. But
if um we use it as, you know, something
to sell,
that's kind of worrying.
It makes human artists more valuable.
Yeah, completely. I'm avoiding AI as
much as possible in my creative writing.
Depth goes out the window with it.
Preach. Agreed.
I found a lot of inspiration in your
videos for my art. Thank you. Oh, you're
welcome. Oh, I'm glad I could help you
uh be inspired. That's what the whole
thrill of me making videos is, to be
honest. You know, cuz creativity means a
lot to me and we need to keep it alive,
especially in a world now where
creativity is being censored more and
more and almost discouraged. We're
losing a lot of our imagination,
which sucks. Like I've got another
little update to tell you actually on
this you know kind of topic.
I have been
uh working on some writing recently
and it's inspired by English folklore.
I'm actually hoping to write a full
novel soon. That's how much I'm enjoying
writing again.
And um it's going to be about the red
cap.
Let me know if you know what the red cap
is.
Um
perks up at folklore. It's so cool,
right? It's so cool. I've got so many
books on folklore like Irish folklore,
um Norse mythology,
uh Japanese folklore. I love it. Yeah.
You know, the red cap. Excellent. So,
I've always liked the idea of telling a
a kind of horror story from a red cap's
perspective.
And the red cap um lives well, it was
said to live in a region of England
which is on the border of Scotland. And
I know that area very well. We got
family up there and I um I don't know if
any of you still follow me on Instagram,
but I posted some pictures. is a
beautiful part of um of the UK
and so inspiring and I couldn't help but
get these visions like especially when
there's a low light over the hills and
over the woods and I just imagine like
this story unfolding
and um this is the thing that we I feel
need to do to really sort of um spruce
up our inspiration not be so chronically
online and I know That sounds weird for
a YouTuber to say, but we need breaks
from it. We need to experience the world
every once in a while, the real world
out there. And I feel like that's well
and truly where our inspiration comes
from. Really?
Oh, do you like that idea,
Cara Cat from their perspective? Yeah.
Now, this is what I mean. Like, imagine
a thought process of a um red cat that's
hunting down people. It'd be cool,
right? So, I've started working on that.
I've also done a few short stories. And
if you like the idea of me maybe doing
some like videos on my short stories at
some point, but that's definitely
something I'm thinking about, just so
you know. Japanese mythology is awesome.
It is, right? Have you heard about that
ghost? That's literally just a head and
a spine. Oo, creepy. Like if there's one
thing I love about Japanese folklore is
that when it comes to like the ghost
stories and things like that, they are
so terrifying.
Hey man, hope you've been well during
your YouTube break. Thank you very much.
Um definitely enjoyed the break, but I'm
itching to get back now. So I feel like
I've had my time now. I've got a lot of
work to do over the next couple of
weeks. I've got a script to work on,
other bits and bobs and things like
that. So, I'm really excited
and remembering and bringing back the
old stories is one brilliant way of
reconnecting with our natural
creativity. Exactly. Exactly.
Um, we can't let these like old folk
stories that have captured our
imagination for so long just slip into
obscurity. You know, that's part of the
reason I love folklore so much because
I'm like, "Oh, wow. This is before the
internet, before any of that kind of
stuff. It was just pure imagination.
Like our our minds almost playing tricks
on us in a way when you think about it."
Yeah, I love that idea. I adore I adore
seeing the world from the monster's
eyes. Exactly. I'm glad you like that
idea. That's really encouraging. Would
you consider a second channel for
fictional content? It's so weird you
mentioned that. Um thank you for the
question, Alex. Yeah, I um have thought
about this, but would you guys check out
that channel? Like being real for a
moment. If I maybe stuck with doing art
kind of stuff on this channel, but did
more kind of exploration of like
folklore and mythology on maybe a
different channel. Would that work? I
think that might actually be a fair um
a fair idea because
I don't want to alienate too many
subscribers on this channel. You know
what I mean? Some people like this idea,
but I completely understand if not
everyone's going to be down for that.
But I thought that could be a good
alternative idea. So, okay.
Oh, well, I'm loving the encouragement.
I might think about that then because
then yeah, that that helps that will
help um not alienate so many of um the
audience that I already have. So, that's
good to know.
May I ask you what's your Instagram
account name? Yeah. So, I actually um it
used to be Blind Dweller, but I kind of
changed it recently. Sort of uh it's
Mattisblank. If you Mattis is blank, you
should be able to find me. But that's my
personal Instagram. I don't really use
it much for channel stuff anymore. So,
be nice.
You know, I'm happily follow you back.
Um happy to talk to you on there. But
yeah,
will second channel be creative writing
and or things like mythology? Who knows?
I might do more than one other um
channel. I mean, this is the exciting
thing. I'm still kind of cateminating
ideas at the moment. Um my main plan,
like plan number one, is just to release
a video on this channel and it's going
to be on an artist because I think
that's fair. I don't think I should go
straight into like new ideas for content
just yet. I want to keep things fairly
familiar on this channel. So, when it
comes to my second channel, who knows?
Might just be from my brain vomit, you
know, for all I know. I have so many
ideas and sometimes they work, sometimes
they don't. So, who knows? We shall see.
Who am I? I'm blind dweller. Uh well
second uh uh who uh you could do a
crossover videos between your channels
depending on the topic. Yeah, exactly.
That's a good idea. Thank you, Gooleep.
Good shout.
I never heard of Brian Lewis Saunders
until your video. Isn't he amazing? He's
fascinating. And he's still going
strong, by the way. He's still making
one um self-portrait every single day.
Isn't that amazing?
um and he is by far one of the most um
fascinating artists who I've personally
spoken to. You know, obviously I would
have given anything to speak to Francis
Bacon back in the day, but in ter, you
know, cuz a lot of these videos, not all
of them are just me researching them and
doing a video on them. Some sometimes I
literally interview the artists. I reach
out to them, say, "Hey, uh do you fancy
working on a video together?" no money,
not interested in that, just want to
feature your art sort of thing. And
yeah, Brian Lewis Saunders was one of
those people. He's so lovely. Um, follow
his Instagram so you can keep up with
his work.
Uh, if I could do a video on John
Duncan, that'd be crazy. Okay, let me
just write that bad boy down. So, John
Duncan,
right, you are. Okay, I'll look into
John Duncan.
I think second folklore channel would be
great. Awesome. This is really
encouraging. You guys are fuel to my
soul right now.
Oh, could do mythology alongside the
folklore. Yeah, that's what I was
thinking. And Irish mythology is really
misunderstood because uh half our myths
were stolen for Dn D and fantasy genres.
Ain't that the truth? I don't know if
you guys know this, I'm um
descendant uh from Irish, you know, um
I've got Irish blood. I um on my dad's
side of a family, my greatgrandfather
was a famous Irish singer called Danny
Malone. Feel free to look him up. Uh if
you actually, let me see if I can find a
video. You can actually see my
greatgrandfather
who was a great Irish singer. Um, from
Northern Ireland, by the way, just to be
specific.
Um, Danny Boy, I think he was singing.
Let's have a look.
Let me see if I could put this put this
link in the comments. I'm pretty sure I
can. Let me give it a go.
There we go.
that is
um my great-grandfather
and I guess who I need to thank all my
sort of Irish heritage and um so the
story is he uh left Ireland to become a
professional singer like to tour around
the world and he eventually settled in
England
and um
yeah so I hold Ireland very close to my
heart and also So, I like to think that
I get some of my musical talent from him
as well. And while we're on the topic,
some of you who tuned in at the very
beginning saw it,
but I have been learning tenner banjo
for the last uh couple of um
last couple of months. Well, a year now
actually. And um you know, because I
really like Irish folk music as well.
So, I've been learning a bit of banjo.
Oh god.
Okay, let me play something real quick.
Not what you're expecting on the stream,
but screw it. I'm just happy to be back.
I'm not very good.
on the hair and down the rocky road and
all the way to Dublin and
waffon.
I'm still practicing. Be be nice.
Um, what else can I play? What else can
I play?
I'm loving playing this thing right now.
I um cuz for a lot uh a lot of my life
I've just played guitar and I just
decided you know what I'm a little bit
bored of guitar now I'm going to start
learning banjo and here it is and I'm
loving it so far. So yeah I'm well into
Irish folk. Always have been. And um
you might see a video or two on Irish
folk music just to warn you. Yeah. Um, I
love Irish folklore and Irish mythology
as well. So, videos on all of that stuff
definitely coming up.
I would watch everything you make. Oh,
thank you so much.
Oh, um, Alex says, "You introduced me to
the art of Jim Carrey and that has had a
huge impact on my life. So, thank you."
Oh, well, you're welcome. Isn't his art
amazing? His art is really really good.
I was surprised like you know because
Jim Car's um you know someone who I
think a lot of us have grown up with you
know um
you know we consider him to be like the
king of comedy and some of his art is so
powerful and gut-wrenching you know. So
it it was really fascinating working on
that video.
It was also because of your great video
on Hans Belmer that I learned about
Unicazern.
Yes, of course. And uh have since
purchased her book. Thanks. Oh,
brilliant. You have to let me know what
the uh book's like.
I have a fellow artist friend who
specializes in Finnish mythology. Oh,
that sounds cool. They are wild pieces.
I bet. I bet.
Banjo is cool. Nice. Makes me want to
fight a dragon.
It's like me whenever I hear the bag
pipes. Whenever I go up uh go up north
and I hear those bag pipes, it just
makes me want to put on a kill and fight
the English, you know.
Ven, you're Finnish. Very nice. Would
love a video on Finnish mythology.
Right, you are no problem. I'll write
that down as well.
You know, I don't know much about
Finnish mythology, so that could be
really interesting.
Yeah, I'd love that.
I have to hop off, but just wanted to
say I'm really excited you're back. Oh,
thank you for joining us, Vine. Uh, love
your videos. The narration is perfect.
Oh, thank you. and the amount of
research you put into topics has felt.
Looking forward to more. Thank you,
Vine. Thank you for joining. Hope to see
you soon.
Sharama,
uh, your content is great. I really
appreciate you and your videos. Thank
you. Oh, thank you so much.
And you love the banjo. Great. That's
good to know.
One of these days I'm going to be
amazing on it. Just you wait. But for
now, I'm still still very much a
beginner. I actually got this book for
Christmas. Hang on.
Oh, got so much [__] in the way. Hang
on.
This book is amazing. Hang on.
This book here, the big book of
Irish tunes. And it's fantastic. It's so
good. Like there are literally like so
many songs in here that you could learn
one every day if you wanted to. So I've
been going through that recently and
it's brilliant. If you want to learn
banjo um or teach yourself a bit of
banjo, that book is great. Especially if
you like Irish folk music,
make a video about your
great-grandfather. Oh, not a bad shout.
I might do. Have any of you seen the
video, by the way? Let me know if he
looks a bit like me.
It's very dark mythology. I think you'll
dig it.
Is that about the um Finnish mythology?
I mean, that does sound good.
The Finnish mythology in the
Calavala
actually partly inspired Tolken.
Tolken's Lord of the Rings. Oh, now you
got my interest
over there. Me and my girlfriend have
collected some awesome books. Stay right
there. I need to go and grab them.
Move these tulips out the way.
So, it's not the full collection yet,
but we've got
Lord of the Rings, the Legends,
and look how beautiful the book is and
all the illustrations in it. are just
fantastic.
We've also got
the Heroes of Tolken.
This one is my personal favorite because
I'm obsessed with maps for some reason.
Don't ask. But the Atlas of Tolken is
awesome. It's got all of these cool kind
of illustrations again in them. And uh
there we go. and it talks about
the entire world of Middle Earth in
this.
It's brilliant. Um, we also have this
cute one,
The Hobbits of Tolken.
And then finally, The Battles of Tolken.
And these are great books if you want to
collect, if you want a nice little
collection. Uh, of course we have, you
know, the actual Lord of the Rings, the
Sylmerelion, the Hobbit. Um,
but these are just really cool if you're
a massive Lord of the Rings uh, nerd
basically. Let me just put those back.
It's been so long. How have you been
from user?
Yeah, it has been a long time. Um, well,
recently I've been kind of getting my uh
feet wet into my new job. Um, but now
that I'm used to the routine of my new
job now and things like that, I feel
ready to come back. Basically, my plan
was always to come back. I just needed
um a break and it turned out to be
longer than I thought, but now I'm
ready. So, it's good to be back. Do I
like musicals? I do like musicals. Um
some of them can be a bit cringe, but
yeah, I do like musicals.
What's your favorite musical? Um if
we're talking about classic musicals, by
the way, I think The Sound of Music is
fantastic.
Um, I know that's a kind of like bog
standard musical, but
the songs in them are just so brilliant
and it's such a beautifully filmed
movie, you know.
I think you should do a video on Alice
Neil. My great grandma went to school
with Alice Neil. That's cool. Well, I'll
write the name down. Alice,
how do you spell that? N E. Okay.
N E A L. Okay, great. Thank you for
that. Keep your suggestions coming, by
the way, guys, because um um one thing
I'm really looking forward to when it
comes to doing um this, you know, more
content on this channel again is uh the
fact that I can, you know, really
explore and um get my sort of teeth
sunken into different types of art and
things like that. So, yeah, but doesn't
have to be art, by the way. if you have
any other topics that you just think
might be cool or might be interesting or
kind of creepy
cuz you know I specialize in dark art
and you know the dark sort of uh aspects
of creativity. Just let me know
you just watched a Danny Malone video.
Oh, brilliant. It's like a music video
from 1935. That's right. It was uh long
time ago.
Finland has more sauners than cars. Is
that a fact? I'm a very gullible person,
you know. So, don't
don't troll me.
The earliest music video I'm known about
was by Kenneth Ang
over a decade after that. Interesting.
One of the creatures in Finnish folklore
is the
Satonu.
Actually, I'm not gonna You know what?
I'm just going to straight up look that
up.
H son
T. Oh, here we go. Oh, is it a kind of
elf? Oh, these these guys.
We see these in all the garden centers
in the UK, by the way. They're
everywhere. That's what they're called.
God, you know, you see something every
day, but you never know what they're
called.
Interesting. Okay.
Guardian spirit or the sauna elf.
Basically, a gnome that lives in
sauners. Oh, yeah. You just said,
"Sorry, I should have read your whole
comment before." Um, but yeah, that's
cool.
Isn't Europe fascinating? Like the
amount of history we have in this
continent, like
it's just brilliant.
Very lucky.
Uh I'm writing my own codeex about my
paintings. Nice. It's a lot of work. So
would love to read what you got going
on.
Yeah, no worries. I'll get on to that.
The outsider artist, your website is
awesome. I need to learn from you.
Creepy is all I do.
Creepy is fascinating. Let's face it. Do
you know what I like the most about
creepy art? It's the fact that often it
forces us into a kind of mindset that we
often shy away from. Inconvenient
truths, maybe.
Have you looked into ancient tattoos?
Oh, you mean like stick and poke? Like a
kind of Polynesian style
tattooing, that kind of thing? I mean, I
love tattoos if unless you can uh I
don't know if you notice how much I like
a tattoos. I mean, I'm covered in them
myself. So, yeah. You know, that's a
good point. I've never actually done a
video on tattoo art before.
Oh, maybe a video on the history of
tattoo art. I'm going to write that
down. That would be cool.
History of
tattoo
art.
H. That's a thought, isn't it?
My pronunciation of Sonatonu was very
good. Sauna. Do you know I'm so thick?
I've I've only just realized that the
word sauna is literally in the name
sauna. I'm such an idiot.
I can't believe I didn't notice that. Of
course he's the sauna elf. That makes
sense. God, what am I like?
Am I a fan of dark horror themed games
by chance? Absolutely. We were just
talking about this actually. Um, I loved
the video I did on Scorn and I've been
tempted to do uh a video on the uh Radio
Head game.
So, um, but if you got any other ideas
on like creepy sort of horror themed
games,
uh, do you know, do you remember there
was this game called Sad Satan?
Do you remember that from ages ago? I
was obsessed with watching videos on
that game.
And this all sounds so weird, but I
found it um
I found like if I listen to creepy music
or creepy ambience before I go to bed,
it would be oddly calming to me. Do you
know one of the things I love listening
to when I'm trying to get to sleep is
the soundtrack for um Hereditary.
Can you believe that?
Sad Satan. Yeah, it was. It was
fascinating, wasn't it?
That's a long history indeed with
tattoos. Yeah. Well, this is it. I could
do another three-hour documentary on the
history of tattoo art. Wouldn't that be
brilliant? I could do like one video
each time on like, I don't know,
traditional art, then into when
neotribal came in, all that kind of
stuff.
uh realism, you know, all that, you
know, the different genres of tattoo
art. Wouldn't that be fascinating?
And that, you know, all mashed together
would make like at least a 3 or 4 hour
long documentary. So, you know,
it forces you to face discomfort. Oh,
you're talking about um the dark art
stuff. Yeah. So dark art forces you to
face discomfort and humans are
inherently coded to seek comfort.
Absolutely true. But we already know
that discomfort encourages neural
growth. So it's actually beneficial for
mental growth. Exactly. This is what I
mean. And I feel like, you know, that's
why a lot of us are tempted
often to kind of go down that rabbit
hole when given the opportunity, you
know. Emperor
Maggas, I'm a tattooist. I'd love to see
you do a video on it. Brilliant. Well,
I'd like to get tattooed by you.
People laugh at my 90s Celtic band
tattoo or they can screw off.
Wear your Celtic band tattoo with pride.
Bollocks to what they think.
I mean, I feel we all have cringey
tattoos. Like, if you're someone who's
really into tattoos and you're kind of
covered, there's going to be at least
one cringey tattoo somewhere.
Mine's probably this one. Oh,
is that a good No, let me go this side.
Yeah, there you go. This is probably my
most cringy tattoo. 17.
And I thought it was really cool like,
oh well 17's the, you know, the age
where everything happened in life. You
know, I was in my first band. I um, you
know, went to college and met some of my
my best mates. It's when I first got
laid, you know, all these kind of like
things in life. So I thought, well,
that's a year I need to keep close to my
chest. But nowadays, I kind of look at
it and go, maybe not. Maybe not a good
idea to get that. I don't know. Roman
numerals are very overdone as it is. So
genre of tattoo art is a fantastic idea.
Thank you. This is anexon
anexonim.
Sorry, I forgot. I'm out of practice. I
used to be really good at like reading
usernames. Now can you tell I'm a bit
rusty? But yeah, I'm glad you like that
idea because I like I I think that would
be really fun.
I find art cars and weird homes and
gardens also fascinating.
What do you mean by weird homes and
gardens? Can you give uh any examples?
Because I'd like to look those up if you
got any in particular in mind.
Uh
this is Anexonim,
sorry. Uh he says uh it's interesting
how the medium of human skin changes.
What hits the canvas with tattoos?
Yeah, I agree.
There is a creepy car called Cathedral.
Gothic black creepy art. Oh, okay. Let
me have a look.
Is it the car which has like literally
like this gothic looking castle on on
the uh on the roof? Is that the one you
mean? Cuz that looks that looks awesome.
It looks like
if Mad Max was a goth, you know.
Yo, that's fascinating.
Is this in America?
Isn't Gothic like just as a style like
you know in terms of architecture and
art? Isn't it just so cool?
Speaking of Radio Head, uh Stanley
Donwood is a massive inspiration of
mine. A vid on him might be quite good.
Let me write that down. Okay.
Done words. Yeah.
Cool.
Look how many we've written down now.
This is going to be fun. The next couple
of weeks of me researching these
different, you know, artists and things.
It's going to be cool. And uh Finnish uh
Finnish mythology I'm really going to
look more into because like I said I'm
not that I'm not that familiar with it.
So I'm going to look for some books on
that.
Weird homes as liinal spaces fascinates
me. Oh, interesting. Oh, okay. Yeah, I
get what you mean. The history of color
and millennial
gray aka downfall of happiness.
This sounds like a rabbit hole. Let me
write that down. History of color and
millennial gray.
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess
millennial gray. Is that Are you saying
it's like
people aren't really being as colorful
anymore? Like in general? Like people I
don't know about you, but like whenever
I see a new building, it's always white
walls. is always that white light which
just gives you a headache and there's no
color.
I feel like um we were speaking about
Jim Carrey earlier. I feel like him
right now and I I agree with him that
you know when you're overlooking a city
and everything looks so gray and
miserable and the sky is gray and
everything like you need color at that
point. And I feel like that in a way.
Okay, I'm just guessing. Is that what
the millennial gray thing means?
Millennial
gray.
Might need to go on the other side now.
Running out of uh page room.
That is the car. Cool. And that's in the
US. Nice. Have you ever thought of
making a horror movie? What? Me? I swear
I'm not uh self-promoting, but I made my
first last year. Congratulations.
That's cool. Um I don't know anything
about making a horror movie. I I know
how to um make a documentary sort of
thing I guess but when it comes to like
you know I mean I don't know maybe one
day never say never right but I don't
know the first thing about making an
actual like movie
but yeah that'd be coolth architecture
is some of my favorite the detail and
craftsmanship of historical buildings in
Gothic style is just sublime completely
agree.
Millennial gray refers to the trend of
soft neutral gray shades popular in
interior design during the 2010s,
especially among younger generations. So
yeah, I I kind of figured it was
something along those lines. Isn't that
depressing? No wonder it's called what
was it called again? The downfall of
happiness. I mean, I feel color is so
important.
Color is um
there's something therapeutic about
color, you know.
Yes. Lack of color in cars, buildings,
houses, etc. has been called millennial
gray and I can't stand it. Yeah. You
know, actually speaking of cars, there
was one time, right, where I was just
sat outside,
can't remember what I was doing, but I
just remember watching the road and I
just saw gray and silver cars one after
the other just whizzing by me. Not a
single, you know, every once in a while
this colorful car, not even that
colorful, just like this dark green
would just stand out like a sore thumb,
you know, in this sea of gray and silver
cars. It just seems to be the box
standard people get and it's so sad. I'm
always drawn to that, you know, that
bright yellow car that you come across
every once in a while or, you know, a
kind of um
I don't know, just any color other than
gray basically or white or black, you
know, a lot of black and white cars as
well.
It's just depressing, man.
Weird homes are very unique homes. For
example, a house full painted the walls
and everything in and outside decorated
with little stones, mirrors, mosaic
gardens with unique sculptures.
My idea of a dream home that
Gothic architecture and liinal spaces
speak to my soul.
Definitely agree with that. Emperor
Magus
also due to appearance of trees, lands,
etc. replaced with conquer. No, it's so
it just sucks, man. Like, have you seen
um is it in the Philipp No, not in the
Philippines. Where is it?
Oh, god. Singapore. That's it. Have you
seen the um city in Singapore which you
know they put like these um almost like
jungle looking uh architecture there?
Like they have so much green in the
midst of their jungle. It's fascinating.
It's so cool. And I'm just like, why
can't more places do things like that?
Um, my girlfriend's dad told me once
that um some cancer patients are
encouraged to take walks in the woods
because even being around greenery can
slow down um cancer cells. Did you know
that? There's some science behind it.
Um,
I I haven't looked too deeply into it,
so don't, you know, take this with a
grain of salt, but, you know, I
instantly feel better once I'm out in
the woods or up in the hills or by the
beach. Like, just being in surrounded by
natural beauty. I can liter It's a
physical sensation. I could just feel my
tension, my anxiety just melt away. Like
a real physical sensation of that. It's
fascinating. There's really something
um
really something to be said about that.
Do I like prehistory?
Says Kron. Yes, I love pre What you mean
like pre uh prehistoric animals and
things? I'm a massive dinosaur nerd. So
yeah, I love prehistory.
I think actually if I wasn't so
distracted by fitting in at school, I
would have gone down the scientist route
or maybe history route. Definitely.
I could see you talking about horror
movies. Yeah, I'd love to. Actually,
horror movies is definitely something
I'm thinking about um in future because
um I really enjoyed making that video on
The Night Gallery. If you haven't seen
that yet, check it out
because that was new territory for me. I
was getting to like um almost do like a
movie review and I I love um movie
critics on YouTube. Um Yms, Nostalgia
Critic.
I used to like Critical Drinker, but not
so much anymore.
But, you know, um
Mhler as well. I quite like, you know, I
love um video essays on media and stuff
like that. So, it was fun. It was fun
doing something different for once, you
know, doing like a kind of um
uh movie review style video, you know.
So, definitely considering doing horror
movies at some point.
Aadazis says, "Blind Dweller, I miss you
and your amazing videos." Oh, thank you.
Well, I'm coming back. I'm on my way.
Don't you worry. Things are in the
works, I assure you.
Gray is my favorite color, says Emperor
Magus. Uh, I'm not a millennial, though.
I'm Gen X. Oh, okay.
I mean, gray does have its uses, don't
get me wrong. It's very It's a very
useful color, but when it's overused,
like even if the world was like, I don't
know, more red than anything else, you
know, even that would feel wrong to me.
You know, I just don't think we should
limit our color palette is basically, I
guess, what I'm trying to say.
Blade Maiden says, "Totally off topic,
but did you see that the actor Hudson
Williams from Heated Rivalry shouted out
your channel in an interview?
Hey, really? You're joking?
I did not know that.
Hudson Williams. Really? That's kind of
cool.
Once I've um
Yeah, once I've come off uh the live
stream, I'm going to look at that.
Interesting. I never knew that I never
knew that I was that well known outside
of, you know, our little tight circle,
our little community that we got going.
You know, that's something I've I've
really missed as well is the fact that,
you know, we have a community on this
channel. You know, I've we've got the
Discord server, which is like a great
place to share your art. Um, that's a
point. I should probably send you the
link to that right now. Bear with me. If
you're not part of that Discord server
and you're an artist, by the way, it's a
really nice, friendly, fun community to
share your stuff. So, let me just uh
send the link to that.
Here we go. Let me just paste that in
the chat.
So, jump in if you're not part of the uh
Blind Dwellers Art Club. That's the name
of the Discord server.
And uh yeah, share your art. I'd like to
see.
But yeah, I really miss the community
sort of side of this channel and talking
to you guys, you know, like this. So,
feels good, man. Feels good to be back.
Nothing wrong with the color gray.
Everything wrong with concrete replacing
all color in nature and self-expression.
Yeah. You see that's where the line gets
crossed in my opinion. You know,
have I ever played Geogesser? I have,
but don't you have to pay to play that?
At some point, if I if I manage to get
my um streaming kind of software working
again cuz I'll be honest with you, I'm a
bit of a noob when it comes to
streaming. I'm doing this in the most
basic, you know, this live stream right
now in the most basic way possible at
the moment. Um, so,
um,
if I'm able to like work out how to use
OBS again or something similar, then I'm
tempted to do some like, um,
Cahoot or Blick it kind of thing, you
know? Or if you guys if you guys have
any other ideas for games that we can
all take part in, that would be kind of
cool, right?
Have you ever uh
uh Singapore is doing their buildings
proper? World needs to follow. Agreed.
The loss of color does actually draw
attention to a social issue we have in
many cultures. That's very true. Kyra
Cat uh where we're encouraged not to
stand out, to conform, and not be too
noticeable
less we be seen as garish. Yes.
Doesn't it feel very much like that?
It's scary.
I mean, the best thing that we can do is
just not be afraid to be unique and and
different. Like, if people will say
that, oh, you're you're so weird. To me,
that's a compliment. If you're doing
something as weird, that only means
you're doing something as unique and not
falling in line with, you know, this um
categorization
that, you know, the status quo wants to
keep us in, you know. It's a good thing.
Oh, and sorry for my American spelling
of color. Oh, you don't need to
apologize for that.
One of the beautiful things about, you
know, us as, you know, global cousins is
that we have our own little spin on the
English language. You know, we should
celebrate that.
Oh my god, what's your favorite
dinosaur? Ah, good question. Mine is
ustrepreptospondilus
because I like saying that word.
Ustrepto spondilus was also discovered
in Oxford I believe. You stretto
spondilus. Yeah. Um so it's a British
dinosaur you could say, but I know that
they've also found other remains all
over the shop. Yeah. It lived in the
Jurassic period. I also like iguanadon.
Um because when I used to live in
London, I grew up in London. Um as a
kid, we had the natural history museum.
Uh thank goodness it's still free to go
in there. Um but back then
uh they had
uh two iguanadon remains. And I found it
so fascinating how big they were. I was
not expecting iguanadon to be that big,
you know.
And it's always a kind of a a dinosaur
that stayed in my mind. Do you want to
hear something really nerdy about me? Is
that I love the Jurassic World Evolution
games.
I love building like dinosaur parks and
stuff like that, but I haven't got the
third one yet. And that one's been out
for a while, I think.
Uh, I absolutely loved your videos on HR
Giga
Jizu Binski and other dark artists. I'd
love to see you make videos on horror
movies or Lovecrafting things. I love
Lovecraft.
You know, a video on Lovecraft would be
really interesting. I think you all do
an amazing job. Oh, thank you.
Gray in a palette is like silence in
classic music. Uh it adds emphasis and
weight on uh the uh the colors and
notes.
Excuse me. Um
absolutely. I agree. Yeah. Um
sometimes silence is
something I crave. You know, it's part
of the reason I like going up north to
North Thumblands because up there you
could just walk outside 10 minutes away
from the house up a hill and you just
hear nothing but silence. And my god
does that do a lot. And I can see the
logic in Gray doing the same thing. So
yeah.
Oh god. Doing uh a whole thing about the
stories from Lovecraft's universe in the
form of folklore documentary would be
amazing. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I was just
thinking about that.
Uh, I couldn't believe it when I saw
that he mentioned your channel. It's his
interview with Harper's Bizaarre.
Right, you are.
Let me just type that in.
That's so cool. I love that.
I'm going to definitely look into that.
A dark art cahoot would be fun. Yeah, I
agree. It'd be a cool way to kind of
like engage with you guys as well.
Uh, what do you think of graffiti? Do
you consider it art? Do you think it's
important? Good question.
Thank you, Kron. Um,
I feel just tagging like profanity or
just, you know,
spray paint spray painting your name for
the sake of it is not art, at least from
my perspective. But if it's like, you
know, clever stencil work and um actual
like sort of um art pieces, then I don't
consider that graffiti at all. I see
that as just art that's on the street
and I always like to stop and soak that
in whenever I come across a piece like
that where a lot of love, care and
attention has gone into the detail of a
piece on a wall and things like that.
So, I feel it's um
a fine line. You know,
sometimes it can just be just I don't
know, especially when there's someone
who's just spray painted a penis on the
wall. Like, that's not going to be art
really, is it? You know, that's just
just some kids having a laugh. But um if
it's like you know done to a basically
if it's done to a point where you can
tell a lot of love and attention's gone
into it then yeah I absolutely consider
that art. Being weird is fun. Agreed.
I'm autistic so I'm eternally weird and
I'm entertain uh eternally unashamed.
Good.
We shouldn't feel ashamed for being
different. You know, if anything, you're
the, you know, the weird ones are the
people who are going to be remembered
after they're gone at the end of the
day. When you really think about it,
it's the people who stand out who are
remembered.
Whether you're weird or not, we should
wear weirdness with pride is what I say.
Sorry. On behalf of America, of America
in general.
Well, I mean, I don't think it's an
American problem. I think it's a Trump
problem.
Um, I think everyday Americans,
um, I feel, you know, it's no fault of
theirs really,
but Trump is a problem right now. I
mean, if we're going to get into that, I
don't want to get too into that since,
you know, I'm, you know, I feel that's
opening up a can of worms here. But I've
gone, you know, I don't think America
needs to apologize, but Trump definitely
needs to apologize. his whole
administration. In my opinion, today's
youngsters want all look the same. Yeah,
they all want to look the same for sure.
There's been times I've seen some like
teenagers on the street and they
literally look like a carbon copy of
each other. It's creepy sometimes. Uh in
the 80s and 90s, everybody tried to be
unique. Lots of styles, punk, goth,
hiphop, new wave, alternative, rocker,
etc. Now even goths are all the same.
It's crazy, isn't it? Thank you for your
comment, Zoe's art arc. Um, yeah, I
agree. Um, the 80s, I think, must have
been so fun in terms of fashion back in
the day, you know. Um
like you see how everyone's unique and
celebrating uni, you know, uniqueness
and um not ashamed to be different and
going to charity shops and things like
that to find some quirky, you know, bit
of clothing. Like
I wish things were still like that, you
know?
I miss the natural history museum so
much. Yeah, me too. I left the UK five
years ago and one thing I miss more than
anything were the free art galleries and
museums. Oh, where did you move to?
Um, yeah, cuz what if there's one thing
I got to say about London that I really
love is how many galleries and museums
there are completely free to enter,
which is very useful if it's a
particularly rainy day in in London.
I think it's so interesting that
dinosaurs got so big. Yeah. I mean, it's
just mad to think that a species of
animal um used to dominate this earth
millions of years before us. It feels
almost like it was a different planet
entirely. Like, you can't help but be
fascinated by that, you know?
So excited to see you again, Blind
Dweller. Oh, thank you. Hey, it's Cody.
How you doing, mate? Good to see you
again.
Thank you. Thank you for tuning in.
In college, we had to This is from Mr.
Morama. Uh, in college, we had to watch
a film, The Subconscious, uh, Yeah. The
Subconscious Art Graffiti
of Graffiti Removal. Oo, the people were
upset to say the least. Yeah, that would
probably upset me, too. I truly
appreciate your keen eye and wealth of
knowledge on little known artists. So,
well, thank you. And you'll have and you
have wonderful taste. A shucks. Thank
you. Worth noting that gray rainy
weather is absolutely the best weather.
I agree to a certain extent. I feel like
if you're in an urban area, it's kind of
depressing, but if you're out in the
woods, then it's actually kind of moody.
And I definitely agree that it's um cool
to kind of walk in the woods and it's
sort of like you can hear the rain, you
know, up against the trees and you can
hear the winds and the gray sky morphing
and changing like that's definitely a
vibe for me. Gray and muddy colors are
very beautiful when you study rocks. Oo,
are you a geologist?
I do find rocks fascinating and the
different sort of colors you can find in
rocks. It's very very cool.
I love rocks especially when they have
lines and patterns and shiny things.
Yeah, this is what I mean.
I'd love for you to cover Lovecraft. I'd
like to learn if the problematic aspects
of Lovecraft, mainly the racism stuff,
are true, false, or exaggerated. Well,
you know, it's funny you mentioned this
because I was tempted and I almost
started the script actually on Salvador
Dali, but then a lot of people were
saying, "Don't do it. The guy was an,
you know, a horrible, you know, uh,
nationalist. He was racist. He was this
that and the other." I'm like, well,
yeah, he was, but isn't that also worth
talking about, you know, also worth
exploring? Like, you know,
I feel it's important not to run away
from these issues at the same time, even
if we don't agree with them. I mean, I I
definitely think Salvador Dari is
someone who if I ever met face to face,
I think he would be a complete [__]
But at the same time, you know, same
same thing with Francis Bacon. I don't
think he was particularly likable all
the time, but um these are just facts
about these people or sometimes they
could be like, as you say, false or
exaggerated, so it's still worth looking
into, right?
Fast fashion has ruined everything.
Yeah, I agree with that. Kron, sorry for
getting political. I will always
apologize for other countries. Please
know the vast majority of us do not
support the the rump.
Yeah. Well, I mean, if anything that is
uh restoring my faith a little bit, if
that's true,
because
the stuff I'm seeing over there just
makes me genuinely sad. I'm not going to
lie. I'm in Poland now, but we're
looking at moving to Berlin this year.
came here to get away from Brexit, but
boy, do I miss London like crazy. I
can't I just uh I can't just go sit by
the Globe to eat lunch anymore. Yeah,
there are some quirks to London still,
you know. I'm I'm not a massive fan of
it nowadays, but there's some parts of
London I can't help but enjoy. You know,
being political is important. Staying
silent will only help the oppressor. I
mean that's true. That is right, you
know, and I feel we all need to look
into politics, but at the same time, I
don't want to drive myself insane.
Me and my girlfriend had a conversation
about this.
There used to be a time way back when
where the only time you'd ever see the
news is on TV at a certain time of day,
right? And it was like, okay, well,
that's your window to look into this
kind of stuff, right? to, you know, find
out what's happening in the world and
uh, you know, to kind of um, dedicate
that time to that one sort of window in
your day. But now it's constant. Now
it's like whenever I open up Instagram
or Reddit or whatever, like it's
immediately like, look what's happened
in the world. Look at this terrible
stuff. And it's like it's so depressing.
Like I just wanted to look at dog videos
or whatever. You know what I mean? like
it just drives you nuts. And I feel like
this is a massive problem in general and
the reason why things are getting so
volatile politically, you know, is the
fact that we're never given a break.
We're never given a chance to kind of,
you know, grab our sanity again. We're
constantly being spoonfed. And it's even
got to a point now where we don't even
know what's real or or not real anymore.
It's really sad. And I feel it's
something that we need to pay attention
to. We need to dedicate a time in a day
to look into the stuff if we want to,
but then learn to put it away
afterwards, you know,
because we're get we're getting
information overloads and it's driving
us insane.
It's terrible.
We really just need to learn how to kind
of put a lid on it every once in a
while. You know what I mean?
Dragon myth came from dinosaur fossils.
That is true. Yeah. And it and it makes
perfect sense, right? Because before um
we officially started to um identify
them as a proper animal um before
Richard Owen came along in the 1800s
um we would just find fragments of bone
or skull or a tooth or something like
that and think well
there's no other animal that this
belongs to. It must be some kind of
mythological beast kind of thing. you
know, used to spark our imaginations in
that way, but now obviously science came
along and um said, "No, no, these were
real animals." You know, we're uh
identifying it as a real animal.
And I find that also quite interesting.
You know,
we still have thousands of documentaries
about historical figures who carried out
mass genocide, and we don't have issues
talking about them. Well, exactly.
We make movies about them as well. Yeah,
totally. So, I feel if I'm going to
cover artists like um Salvador Dali or
writers like Lovecraft, it's inevitable
that we're going to get into the kind of
um questionable sides of them, you could
say. But we shouldn't hide away from
that, you know. we should, you know,
talk about it all, you know, get it all
out there, you know, no place to hide,
you know, and I my philosophy has always
been let the viewers decide, you know,
it's like me with Marina Abramovich when
I did the documentary on her. I um I
knew people would be very split down the
middle on what they think about her, but
that's not my job. My job is just to
give an honest documentary about her and
let people come to their own
conclusions. You know, it's not my job
to say this person is bad because this
that and the other or this person is
good because this that and the other.
You know, sometimes my bias can leak
through sometimes in my videos, but
generally I try to keep it, you know,
sort of open for debate for people to
discuss it amongst themselves. You know,
I don't want to think for people.
I'm sorry if this has been asked before
or you've covered it already in your
videos, but who are your favorite
artists? Oh, that's okay. I mean, I have
spoken about it before, but more than
happy to talk about it. Francis Bacon is
number one for me. Uh, Yuko's Tatashima
is another close favorite of mine and
Otto Dicks.
They're huge favorites of mine, but it's
hard it's hard when you, you know, love
art that much to really name someone who
tops the list. You know,
on that note, political art has been
making huge breakthroughs recently. It's
been beautiful and diabolical to see
what art has been happening in response.
Good point. I bet nowadays, more than
ever, political art can be seen as very
important
and um I bet there's a fascinating
amount of uh political artists out there
to explore. I'm a bit nervous about
touching political art because I like to
keep um
my channel fairly open-minded. Um but
at the same time, I think it might be
worth,
you know, exploring
the mass availability of too much
information. I know what you mean.
Mentally, we're not built to take it
take it in. Um to take in the kind of
level of data that we do now, which is
partly the cause. Yeah, this is what I
mean. Yeah. Mental health issues and
things is just it it's not it's not
healthy at all. We can't be overloaded
like this. The human brain can only take
so much.
I think a lot of people also don't fully
understand how geopolitics and
international diplomacy works. For
example, a lot of people forget that in
the West there's too many checks and
balances.
Couldn't agree more.
Most people don't understand geopolitics
even exist, let alone understand it.
That's also true. Unfortunately, nature
can be so unique. It is also uh sorry,
it is almost stranger than fiction like
dragons. Yeah, agreed.
I think your documentaries are good at
leaving out bias. Oh, that's good to
know. Thank you, Kron.
Otto had it very rough. I agree. Yeah,
Obscurer. Um you're right. Uh I mean he
fell victim to the uh degenerate art
movement um which was a a term coined by
the Nazi party. They saw his art and
they labeled it degenerate
and they removed his art from galleries.
I think at one point he had to flee the
country.
Um
pretty sure he ended up actually
nearly in a concentration camp. Um it's
been so long since I've looked him up,
but um yeah, he had a very rough time
during um
you know in Germany during that time.
Maybe a video on Akira Toriyama. Oh,
okay. Let me write that one down
again. Um we've only got a few minutes
left of the stream, by the way, because
uh I'm cold. I need to warm up. Um but
and also I need to eat something. Um, so
yeah. Um,
where did your where did your comment
go? Oh, there it is. Akira
Toriyama,
thank you for the suggestion. Yeah. So,
feel free um before I shoot off in a
moment um to give me some more
suggestions, by the way, for um uh
people or topics you want me to cover.
Oh, he's a Dragon Ball Z dude. Okay. Or
Charlie Hebdo.
The art perspective and provocation that
comes with it or something. Yeah. Okay.
Charlie Hebdo.
Do you play any video games? I do. I um
I'm not massively like into gaming as
much as I used to be, but I still play
every once in a while. Um
what was the last game I played?
I mean, I'm really into MMOs
like um World of Warcraft, Star Wars:
The Old Republic, Lord of the Rings
Online. Really nerdy, embarrassing
games. I'll be honest with you. Um,
if you got any suggestions for games
though, please let me know.
I have to go, but great to see you
again. Oh, thank you, Kyra Cat. Thank
you for joining us. I joined the
Discord, too. So, see you there.
Brilliant.
Amazing. Oh, well, thank you for
joining. Good to see you in the chat.
I've really enjoyed the live. Will you
do more? Oh, yeah. I like doing live
streams. It's been a long time since
I've done one of these and it's been a
lot of fun. It's been a lot of fun. So,
um, yeah, definitely expect another one
from me. I think what I might do is
actually do a few live streams on like,
uh, you know, kind of behind the scenes
on what I'm working on, that sort of
thing. Um, I might do some more artwork
and stream that live as well cuz, um,
I've been getting back into doing my own
artwork and things like that. So yeah,
definitely
look into
Ultima Online Outlands. Would love to
play with you. Oh, okay. Cool. Thank
you, Chase. I'll look into that. The
ongoing AI versus real art debate
definitely needs to be covered more
often. Okay. Well,
it's so soul destroying looking into how
bad AI art is at the moment, but um
you're right. It I mean it would be a
good video, so I can't deny that. So, AI
versus real art debate video. Okay,
just write that bad boy down. Okay.
Have I done Boris
Valer or Frazzetta? Forgive me if I
missed them. I have not done them so
far. No. So, I'll write those ones down.
Thank you for the suggestion. Um,
and Fran uh Fressa. Okay.
Sweet.
This has been such a treat. Looking
forward to your future content again.
Welcome back. Thank you, Johnny. I
appreciate that. Good to see you. And
thank you for joining.
Oh, it's been around since 97. What the
um game you mentioned?
And it's free.
Music to my ears. I am addicted and it's
best. You get to steal and take people's
loot. Oh god.
Well, I'll be protecting my loot every
single day then.
Welcome back. You've been missed. Thank
you, Owen. Thank you for joining the
Last Guardian game. Okay,
so this is a separate list now for game
suggestions. So let me uh Ultima online
outlands was one
and what was it? The last guardian.
Okay.
Awesome stuff.
Richard Corbyn and his techniques. Oh,
okay. Richard Corbin. Let me write that
one down.
You guys have got one minute to give me
any more suggestions before I log off.
By the way, I've been streaming for two
hours. That's crazy. I think that's my
longest stream, isn't it? Richard
Corbin. Okay.
Question. What is the name of the
electronic song used in the video about
Begotten? Good question. Um, that is
actually a composition that I made. It's
not really got a name. It's just uh
I'm pretty sure my SoundCloud is
somewhere out there. Um, have a look.
Um, I don't know. Um, I I can't remember
whether or not I kept it, but um,
one thing I could do if you want me to,
because I do make the backing tracks,
uh, the music and things like that for
my videos, you know, on my own. So, if
you guys want an official release of
that music, that's something I can work
on at some point.
Question, what is Okay. Uh, Disco
Elysium. Is that a game suggestion?
I'll write it down anyway.
Cool, cool, cool. Learning about Satoshi
Tajiri, the creator of Pokémon will be a
fun one. Oh, that would be fun.
How about a Studio Gibli video?
cuz um Miyazaki is like one of my
favorite anime artists ever, like
period. The man's a genius.
Sorry, I I need to write this down
properly. Sati
tier.
Okay.
Isn't it Do you think it's kind of
embarrassing? I love Pokémon, but I
never really looked into who the creator
of it was.
What am I like?
I've got to run as well. Oh, brilliant.
Well, thank you, Obscurer. Thank you for
joining. Good to see you. What Remains
of Edith Finch is a good game. Oh, I've
heard I think I played that.
But I'll definitely look into that. Just
played Goat Simulator 3.
What a game. I've also played that.
No, I'm not human by the developer. Tri
Trio Scaz is a cool game. Nice. I'll
look into that. Please look into Martin
Kippenburgger. Okay.
Kipenburg.
Okay, cool. Nice.
Hype for an official release. Awesome.
Thank you, Owen. Anyone who's a fan of
student philosophy should really play
Nia Automator. Oh, okay. That sounds
cool. I played uh Pokémon as a kid like
a mad man. Yeah, me too. I still love
playing Pokemon Silver and Pokemon Red
every once in a while, you know, just
purely for nostalgia.
All right. Well, um I'm going to have to
call it there, guys. But it's been
amazing speaking to you guys again.
Thank you for joining. I wasn't
expecting this many people, to be
honest. So, means a lot. Thank you for
your encouragement as well.
um leave this list with me and I'm going
to do some research based on your
suggestions tonight and then I'm going
to come back at some point with a poll
on who um who exactly uh I think we
should narrow it down to. But I think a
lot of these people I'm going to end up
covering at this rate. Um I'm also going
to work on the Joel Peter Witkin video
idea because you guys seem very
interested in that. So expect some big
things. I'm going to be hard at work
from here onwards. Got a lot to work on.
Oh, thank you for the last minute
suggestion there. Um,
if you're still taking suggestions, I'll
add Marius Lewendowski,
Alfred Cubin.
Excellent. I'll write those down once
I've logged off. All right. Well, thank
you again everyone.
Take care of yourselves and I will see
you soon. Probably the next time you'll
see me is with an official video
release. So, exciting times.
Thank you everyone. Thank you again.
Take care. Have a great day or evening
or morning wherever you are. And see you
later. Bye for now.